EC-240: Search revision (#27)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/guide/search/search_synonyms.md

# Search synonyms

Synonyms enable different phrase inputs that have the same meaning.

For example, you have products with gigabyte specification (such as a 250 gigabyte hard drive).
You cannot expect users to always spell out "gigabyte", so you can add synonyms for the word:
"gigabyte", "giga byte", "gb", "Gb", "gigab", "gbyte", and so on.

Every time the user searches for any of those synonyms, the search engine also finds all the synonyms.
For example, user search for "1 gb" returns "1 gigabyte".

> The synonyms are defined in `synonyms.txt` file which can be found inside Solr collection `directory/conf`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The synonyms are defined in the `synonyms.txt` file which can be found inside Solr collection `directory/conf`.
```

> After changing `synonyms.txt` you have to restart Solr.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you modify `synonyms.txt`, you have to restart Solr.
```

</fieldType>
```

> This definition should be placed in the `schema.xml` file. It defines `solr.ManagedSynonymFilterFactory` for synonym main class instead of `SynonymFilterFactory`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must place this definition in the `schema.xml` file. 
It defines `solr.ManagedSynonymFilterFactory` for synonym main class instead of `SynonymFilterFactory`.
```

```

With the current version of Solr, if you use managed synonyms you have to use the one-to-many synonyms definition.

> In the example above a search for `word`, `synonym1`, or `synonym2` match any records containing `word` but a search for `word` or `synonym1` never returns results with the words `synonym1` or `synonym2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example above, a search for `word`, `synonym1`, or `synonym2` match any records containing `word` but a search for `word` or `synonym1` never returns results with the words `synonym1` or `synonym2`.
```
